Welcome to the lesson, blockchain transactions.
Previously, we went over
some fundamental blockchain concepts and got an overview of some basic terminology.
These are important skills for
any blockchain developer to understand how to interact with the blockchain.
In this lesson, we'll build upon the knowledge and
learn what it takes to manage transactions on the blockchain.
This is where the fun happens.
We're going to introduce the blockchain transaction lifecycle,
which builds on the blockchain overview from the last lesson.
We'll continue to build on these core concepts to put these ideas into
practice by establishing your own identity on the blockchain.
By the end of this lesson,
you'll be ready for the first project.
You'll start to manage your own blockchain identity.
We've put some more details about the lesson down below the video.
Read through it if you'd like some more context about
the lesson or dive right in and start the first concept.
These are some of my favorite topics and I can't wait to get started. Let's get going.